README.md, before:

# The-Adventures-of-Pete-and-Pete-Season-3-Subtitles
The Adventures of Pete and Pete Season 3 Subtitles [EN-US]

## Episode Completion Percentages
|  Ep Nº |              Title              | hh:mm:ss,fff Complete | % Complete |
|--------|---------------------------------|-----------------------|------------|
| S03E01 | 35 Hours                        | 00:03:46,313          | 015.49%    |
| S03E02 | The Trouble With Teddy          | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E03 | The Good, The Bad and The Lucky | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E04 | Splashdown!                     | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E05 | Dance Fever                     | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E06 | Crisis in the Love Zone         | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E07 | Last Laugh                      | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E08 | Allnighter                      | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E09 | Road Warrior                    | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E10 | Pinned                          | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E11 | O' Christmas Pete               | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E12 | Das Bus                         | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E13 | Saturday                        | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |

## Conventions
Captions shall follow best practices as defined in [best practices below](#reference-material), except to follow patterns established in prior source material that deviates from best-practice conventions. The following sections codify best-practice deviations as provided by said source material as well as other preferred conventions not covered in the best-practice reference material.

### Timing
- Caption `Start Time` & `Duration` shall appropriately match attack & cadence of lines spoken.
  - Captions accompanying fast paced or rapid-fire lines shall attempt to match the pace and rhythm of those lines.
  - Captions accompanying more casual or deliberated lines shall be allocated more "breathing-room" (i.e. earlier `Start Time`s, extended `Duration`s, and/or empty space between captions).

### Formatting
- Captions shall follow normal English punctuation rules.
  - Periods are included at ends of lines (Rather than excluded as is sometimes customary with Captioning).
  
- Off-screen Line Attributions shall be denoted in the following ways.
  - A `<SPEAKER>:<br/>` attribution header shall be included when clarification is needed on who is speaking.
  - The caption shall be formatted in italics when the speaker is not pictured speaking the line.
  - Ex:
    - `<SPEAKER>:<br/>The line spoken.` when it isn't immediately obvious who the speaker is because they aren't pictured speaking the line right away.
    - `<i>The line spoken.</i>` when the speaker spoke the previous caption (i.e. they continued speaking), but is never pictured speaking the line.
    - `<SPEAKER>:<br/><i>The line spoken.</i>` when the speaker is never pictured speaking the line and did not speak the previous caption (i.e. their lines were interrupted).
 
- Captions describing sounds or music shall be denoted in italics and surrounded by parenteses.
  - Ex: `<i>( Upbeat trumpet playing )</i>`.
 
- Song lyrics shall be surrounded by Paragraph symbols.
  - Ex: `¶ Hey smilin' strange ¶`
  - Background lyrics and/or vocalizations shall also be denoted in italics.
    - Ex: `¶ <i>Ay-yi-yi-yi</i> ¶`

- Inflections shall be denoted using italics.

## Contributing
[Subtitle Edit](https://www.nikse.dk/subtitleedit)

## Reference Material
- [General Best Practices](https://engagemedia.org/help/best-practices-for-online-subtitling/)
- [More Detailed Best Practices](https://www.colorado.edu/digital-accessibility/captioning-service/captioning-quality#:~:text=When%20a%20speaker%20stutters%2C%20caption,halt%20or%20shift%20in%20speech.)

Commit message:

Updates Conventions section to address SE Warnings

README.md, after:

# The-Adventures-of-Pete-and-Pete-Season-3-Subtitles
The Adventures of Pete and Pete Season 3 Subtitles [EN-US]

## Episode Completion Percentages
|  Ep Nº |              Title              | hh:mm:ss,fff Complete | % Complete |
|--------|---------------------------------|-----------------------|------------|
| S03E01 | 35 Hours                        | 00:03:46,313          | 015.49%    |
| S03E02 | The Trouble With Teddy          | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E03 | The Good, The Bad and The Lucky | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E04 | Splashdown!                     | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E05 | Dance Fever                     | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E06 | Crisis in the Love Zone         | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E07 | Last Laugh                      | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E08 | Allnighter                      | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E09 | Road Warrior                    | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E10 | Pinned                          | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E11 | O' Christmas Pete               | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E12 | Das Bus                         | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |
| S03E13 | Saturday                        | 00:00:00,000          | 000.00%    |

## Conventions
Captions shall follow best practices as defined in [best practices below](#reference-material), except to follow patterns established in prior source material that deviates from best-practice conventions. The following sections codify best-practice deviations as provided by said source material as well as other preferred conventions not covered in the best-practice reference material.

### Timing
- Caption `Start Time` & `Duration` shall appropriately match attack & cadence of lines spoken.
  - Captions accompanying fast paced or rapid-fire lines shall attempt to match the pace and rhythm of those lines.
  - Captions accompanying more casual or deliberated lines shall be allocated more "breathing-room" (i.e. earlier `Start Time`s, extended `Duration`s, and/or empty space between captions).
 
- Captions shall avoid generating Warnings in Subtitle Edit.
  - Ignore Warnings where formatting characters (e.g. <i>, <br/>, etc.) unduly contribute to warning conddition.
  - Ignore Warnings where correction would violate other best practices (e.g. prefer readability and convention-adherent line-breaks to line-length violations).
  - Closely consider & evaluate `Chars/sec` & `Duration` Warnings.
    - Exceptions to `Chars/sec` & `Duration` Warnings may include:
      - Common phrases that are easily recognizable and don't require a long dwell time.
      - Captions that are repeats of recently spoken lines, such as song lyrics.
      - Non-critical captions, such as sound effect or music notations.
      - Very short phrases that violate the `1-second-Duration` convention by just a little bit.

### Formatting
- Captions shall follow normal English punctuation rules.
  - Periods are included at ends of lines (Rather than excluded as is sometimes customary with Captioning).
  
- Off-screen Line Attributions shall be denoted in the following ways.
  - A `<SPEAKER>:<br/>` attribution header shall be included when clarification is needed on who is speaking.
  - The caption shall be formatted in italics when the speaker is not pictured speaking the line.
  - Ex:
    - `<SPEAKER>:<br/>The line spoken.` when it isn't immediately obvious who the speaker is because they aren't pictured speaking the line right away.
    - `<i>The line spoken.</i>` when the speaker spoke the previous caption (i.e. they continued speaking), but is never pictured speaking the line.
    - `<SPEAKER>:<br/><i>The line spoken.</i>` when the speaker is never pictured speaking the line and did not speak the previous caption (i.e. their lines were interrupted).
 
- Captions describing sounds or music shall be denoted in italics and surrounded by parenteses.
  - Ex: `<i>( Upbeat trumpet playing )</i>`.
 
- Song lyrics shall be surrounded by Paragraph symbols.
  - Ex: `¶ Hey smilin' strange ¶`
  - Background lyrics and/or vocalizations shall also be denoted in italics.
    - Ex: `¶ <i>Ay-yi-yi-yi</i> ¶`

- Inflections shall be denoted using italics.

## Contributing
[Subtitle Edit](https://www.nikse.dk/subtitleedit)

## Reference Material
- [General Best Practices](https://engagemedia.org/help/best-practices-for-online-subtitling/)
- [More Detailed Best Practices](https://www.colorado.edu/digital-accessibility/captioning-service/captioning-quality#:~:text=When%20a%20speaker%20stutters%2C%20caption,halt%20or%20shift%20in%20speech.)
